Week of June 16 (#375)
xregistry/spec: core/spec.md

  collection's entities that will be the primary sort key for the results.
  The attribute MUST only reference an attribute within the top-level
  collection, it MUST NOT attempt to traverse into a nested xRegistry
  collection even if that nested collection is inlined.
- An OPTIONAL "sort order" (`asc` for ascending, `desc` for descending) MAY
  be specified to indicate whether the first entity in the returned collection
  MUST be the "lowest" values (`asc`) or whether it MUST be the "highest"
  value (`desc`). When not specified, the default value MUST be `asc`.

If the specified attribute is not found within the entities being sorted then
implementations SHOULD treat that entity's sort-key value as `NULL`.

When [pagination](../pagination/spec.md) is used to return the results, but
the `?sort` flag is not specified, then the server MUST sort the results on the
entities' `<SINGULAR>id` value in ascending order.

Sorting MUST be done using the data type comparison rules as specified in the
[filter Flag](#filter-flag) section. However, there are certain situations
that might introduce ambiguity between implementations. For example, not all

> persistent stores support `NaNs` (non a numbers), or if the data type of an

Reviewer: ```suggestion
persistent stores support `NaNs` (Not-a-Number values), or if the data type of an
```

Author: done

attribute changes on a per-instance basis then consistent sorting across
implementations on that attribute might be challenging. While interoperability
is critical, requiring consistency in these edge cases could be excessively
burdensome for implementations. To that end, this specification does not
mandate the exact ordering in these situations, aside from the requirement

> that an implementation MUST sort the result the same way each time.

Reviewer: +1 for this - thanks for going along with my nit-picking on this topic :)
